Hyper-textual fantasy


1. The soft clicking of a measuring tape and the whiplash of its retraction.
There was— 
There was something—
There was the window, covered with sky—
Something—
Covered in clouds—
A—
And—
And then—
I imagine you seeing me—
And then—
And yet—

2. I looked up and to the side, away from the light, 
and paused before finally deciding to reach up 
and wipe the tear that was starting to strain outwards, 
beading on my bottom eyelid. 
My eyes strain as the sunlight glares.

3. Marie Kondo’s promise of material fulfillment has become more like an uncontrollable habit for me. When I am stressed I have a habit of cleaning my room, but it is not so much an act of tidying as it is an act of trying to mentally catalog and remember each and every single one of my possessions, especially the objects that are out of sight, tucked away in suitcases or shoe boxes, milk crates, drawers. When I wake up and inevitably have the enduring instinct to never get up again, sometimes the only thing to do is to spontaneously leap out of bed, and pull out object after object out of wherever they are stored, combing for things to discard or give away. It’s like reverse beach-combing, my eyes and hands a metal detector, but instead of trying to find treasure I am scanning for things that I could potentially convince myself to throw away, objects that I could convince myself have zero value to me anymore. I’m looking to turn things from treasure into trash. Every time I am able to throw something away, I feel a short-lived feeling of liberation, short-lived but strong enough to always leave me searching for more.

4. It’s not even that I subscribe to the pop-cultural model of minimalism (there’s a Netflix documentary), that involves living with just, say, only one pair of raw Japanese denim jeans (to be worn everyday and washed once a year,) and two casual button downs (to be worn in rotation). I don’t believe in that trite, holier-than-thou conviction that owning less objects equates to moral goodness, or at least a less problematic/codependent relationship with consumerism and global supply chains. No, for me, it’s more about this feeling of mild anxiety about objects of mine that I can’t see. I’m afraid of forgetting them. It’s as if I have some sort of object impermanence, like the way babies think that if a toy is out of sight, it doesn’t exist anymore. Like, if I have a T-shirt tucked away somewhere, and I forget about it, and then months later I find it again, I will suddenly feel, all at once, this burden of a t-shirt, as if I had been carrying around the weight of this burden all these months without even realizing it. So when I came back after the summer break to complete my last year of college, I was confronted by all of these objects that I had been living without, that I had forgotten about. They all came at me with a heavy presence, all together and all at once.

5. These items were always there, but had just re-entered my life. They were outside of my immediate field of view, and now they were visible again. It’s like how in older video games, the rendering distance for objects in the background would sometimes be too close. A character might be walking around in some sort of open-world landscape, and things like trees or buildings might suddenly be rendered into view. They already existed in the model of the world, but are only rendered when the character is within a certain radius of those objects. A large rendering distance results in smoother, more immersive game play, but is more computationally expensive. A short rendering distance can be jarring.

6. I wish I could stop wanting to have nothing. As my eyes scan through my room over and over again, Marie Kondo looms in my mind, this figure, this petite Japanese woman who comes into people’s lives and teaches them to be more present. But I remain dissatisfied, no matter how much I pare down may life. Sometimes I’m afraid that this feeling won’t end until I am left with nothing. Is that when enlightenment will finally come?



We talk about our Asian-ness as conceptual, as impossibility. It is a matter of fact, talked about frankly, only theoretically the locus of some sort of American blockage or lingering eye. 



The other day, I read about this study that found that queer Asian-Americans are perceived as being more American than their, I guess, more heteronormative counterparts. I had to think about that one for a long time. I couldn’t decide how to feel. The study offered an explanation: because Western countries generally had more progressive LGBT politics than most countries in Asia, queerness is read as more Western, and possibly more individualistic. We all know how much the Western world values the individual. The will to change lies within yourself, and it’s your fault if you can’t manage to pull yourself up by your bootstraps. 

The extrapolations of these findings were unsettling. Does this negate the existence of a queer asian identity outside of Western conceptions of what it means to be queer? Is this model of queerness inherent and specific to the West?Is being queer therefore a form of assimilation? Does this mean I’ve forsaken my Chinese roots? Dishonored my mother and father? But what roots, exactly, are we talking about here? To a certain extent, I dis-identify with everything. I’m not sure which facet of my identity is responsible for that, or if that even matters. Both the East and the West don’t exactly feel like home to me. I guess I’m not complaining, though, because if I were complaining, I would feel weirdly guilty about playing so heavily into that whole child-of-diaspora trope of ‘having one foot in both worlds’, or, ‘not being Western enough for the West or Eastern enough for the East’. I’m not exactly sure what ‘home’ is supposed to feel like, but I’ve lived in both China and the U.S, and feel perfectly comfortable navigating life in both places. I don’t feel this fundamental psychic dislocation that seems to be associated with an immigrant background. At least, I don’t think I do. Maybe I just don’t know what it would feel like to not be psychically dislocated.


7. I’m trying to pinpoint why I feel uneasy about owning material goods.  I think it’s because they start to feel too much like signifiers, like through considering all of the objects I chose to surround myself with, someone could triangulate my exact mode of being. 

8. When I think of myself as a racialized body, there is one object in particular that comes to mind — the calendars that you get for free at Asian grocery stores. Red and gold, cartoonish, printed on thin, cheap paper.

9. As a kid, I’ve always thought those calendars were so ugly. It was baffling to me that my mom always had one up — but, then again, it was free, so why not?  I wasn’t embarrassed by it, exactly, or like, afraid that it would feel too foreign to any white friends that came over. It’s not like I hated the calendar because of some sort of assimilationist desire (it reads like a joke: an eight-year old with assimilationist desire). It just seemed distasteful, somehow, which is why it would feel really dishonest of me to hang one up now, in some pointed attempt to signal…. something, I don’t even know what. 

10. I’ve seen this calendar before at a white friend’s house. Somehow my immediate impression is that the calendar was purposefully put up — insidiously, even — to create the impression of worldliness, or perhaps tolerance, or perhaps class consciousness. The calendar says, yes, it’s true, I’ve been to a dusty, fish-scented asian supermarket, and I had a great time, and I love pocky, and it was so charming, and I love ramen, and look at this cool souvenir. 

11. I’ve also seen this calendar at an Asian-American friend’s house. And in that case, it still reads as performative to me — at once a display of nostalgia, and a claim to authenticity. 

12. But again, it’s just a free calendar, so why not hang it up? There’s no reason not to. I recognize that this cynical and overwrought over-significance that I am ascribing to this calendar is exactly what I don’t want to happen to me. I don’t want to believe that I could be an anthropological subject, capable of being known just by studying the objects I own. But that’s precisely what I do whenever I encounter this calendar, claiming that I know something about a person just because they’ve decided to display this calendar. I think of the calendar as an identifier, as representing an entire narrative. But that’s not certainly not fair or accurate. 

13. I think of this calendar in the same way that I think about my mother’s cooking. 

14. I am expected to revere my mother’s cooking, to try to imitate it but inevitably always falling short. That, in itself, isn’t so notable. Almost everyone has fond memories of their mother’s cooking, but for me, because I am a child of immigrants, and because that distinction holds so much cultural weight, I am expected to not only miss it, but to long for it, to feel this deep severance from the motherland that it represents. And of course, I recognize that the continuing production and reproduction of colonial trauma does indeed create deep psychic wounds, deep displacements. But that isn’t all that should define me. And this relationship with my mothers cooking, which may or may not be real, has become so common that it becomes assumed. Assumed to the point where, I’m not sure if I do feel homesick, or if these narratives are so embedded in me that i only feel homesick because it makes sense that I would. 

15. In elementary school, I was never made fun of for bringing Chinese food for lunch. And yet, I feel as though I completely and thoroughly identify with that story. It’s never happened to me, but even so, I can locate that narrative so easily within me.

16. There are metaphors for this relationship to the mainstream, for this pushing and pulling, for this cling and retraction, this tugging and prodding, examination and identification. Like being pulled in and out of focus, like bobbing under and over the surface of some vast body of water. Or offering up a piece of your body in hopes of… something in return? Or wanting people to look at you, but not for the wrong reasons. Or waiting for the cutie sitting across from you on the train to notice you. Or, wanting to be alone but not wanting to be lonely. Or, wanting recognition but also wanting freedom, and wondering if both can exist at the same time. 

She opened the window and let the breeze come in, and only then became acutely aware of how stuffy the air inside the room had been. This breeze from the outside was fresher than anything she could have imagined. Her books were arranged first by size and then by color. Her bed was made, the duvet folded precisely in half and then in half again. Her face was toned and moisturized. She connected her bluetooth headphones and played a podcast. She was ready to go.

I wonder what you are doing today? Today I had a flash of recognition, during moment in which I thought I was breaking new ground, only to find well-trodden soil, a path already carved out by others. I merely stumbled around and tripped over a pothole and called that a discovery. Progress. 

She leaves the house, the door auto-locking behind her. As she walks, she thinks about how she would describe the sky to you, its color, its thinness, its mood, but she always falls short of any actual words. Her favorite part of the sky is the part that lies most oblique, that part of the sky that touches the treetops on the horizon.

I can’t believe you’re the one that’s making me feel this way. It’s hard to even say out loud. I want you to go and I want you to stay. Its like the feeling I get when I listen to an old favorite song, a song that I’ve heard too often.

She remembers the day she was covered in dust, that day you took her back to the river. The wet mulch under her bare feet, the slight sting of stepping on broken twigs and pieces of bark.

Take me back, back to the view outside my window, back to the scrapes on my forearms from climbing stone walls, the tannins in my mouth and the lactic acid in my legs. On those nights, shadows didn’t exist and nothing felt obscured.

She has the same goals every summer, the same aspirations of wanting to change. This feeling she has towards herself… it’s like an overexposed photo, the streams of daylight overreaching past the bounds of foliage. Even sitting in the shade of trees feels too bright.

I’m tired of constantly reaching out and attempting to feel with all ten of my fingers the warmth of the water gently lapping. I’m laying face down at the edge of the dock and stretching. I’m feeling increasingly desperate. I feel like a walk in the park. Easy, a slippage.

It’s like this — You are in New York City for the summer, and you are riding the subway, as you do almost everyday, commuting between Brooklyn and Manhattan. You spot someone that looks familiar. You don’t know them personally, exactly, but you’re pretty sure you follow them on Instagram. Its this East Asian IG baddie, sporting a bowl cut/mullet and these huge gold hoop earrings, as well as a gold Buddha necklace that’s framed by their cropped white tank top and their reclaimed houndstooth culottes. They look good, really good. Asian femmes in NYC are probably the best dressed demographic on the entire planet. You see people like this almost every day, whether in person or on your phone, and you don’t want to feel like you’re categorizing them, because that feels shitty, but you do it anyways. These people, whose Instagram stories are the perfect mix of vulnerability, fragility, and indignation. You want to be like them so badly, to have that kind of self-assured insecurity. You think if you were like them, you might have some semblance of control. But it is precisely this desire that makes you want to escape, somehow, maybe by getting a normal haircut and wearing normal clothing. But that’s not really an escape. That’s just called being normcore, which is a whole other level of disingenuousness.

17. Archer
Bard
Beastmaster
Berserker
Black Mage
Chemist
Dancer
Dark Knight
Dragoon
Fighter
Gambler
Geomancer
Gunner
Knight
Monk
Ninja
Paladin
Red Mage
Samurai
Scholar
Soldier
Summoner
Thief
Time Mage
Warrior
White Mage
Devout
Evoker
Sage
Necromancer
Oracle
Ranger
Templar
Pirate
Illusionist
Sniper
Runeseeker
Fencer
Defender
Bishop
Assassin
Arcanist
Cannoneer
Viking
Valkyrie
Seer
Merchant
Performer
Swordmaster
Wizard
Bishop
Astrologian
Hawkeye
Exorcist
Guardian
Kaiser
Yokai
Salve-maker
Spiritmaster
Conjurer


6. Legal fictions pervade the atmosphere like clouds of mosquitos lying in wait.

Boring Petrichor

(On recurring feelings)

This is a scene you’ve seen before. 

As your eyes scan across the room, it is almost as though you can trace the emanating lines of desire from each body. As if these pulsating lines were a UI overlay on top of your field of vision. As if Google Glass ever saw commercial success. Very cyber. So painfully directional, these lines, so sharp are their arrows (and so blunt are their hacked tails).

And then, of course, there’s the question of your own desire, which feels like a specimen to be pinned up needle sharp and examined, its wings so crisp and symmetrical. An object towards which an intense but detached fascination is directed.

Even you think these feelings of yours are tiresome, like tumblr posts tagged wanderlust, tagged stardust, like tweens ascribing world-reckoning profundity to the smell of asphalt after it rains, or to the supposed un-translateable-ness of certain words. Boring wanderlust, boring schadenfreude, boring petrichor, boring undeniable desire.

7. Intro
Verse 1

Prechorus

Chorus

Verse 2

Prechorus

Chorus 

Bridge

Chorus 

Outro




Those days when It feels like there is no more content for you; all the content in the entire world has be exhausted.


Something that mimics poetry

→ ONE
TWO
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT
NINE
TEN
ELEVEN TWELVE THIRTEEN FOURTEEN FIFTEEN SIXTEEN SEVENTEEN EIGHTEEN NINETEEN TWENTY TWENTYONE TWENTYTWO TWENTYTHREE TWENTYFOUR TWENTYFIVE 
→ RED CARMINE CRIMSON CORAL BLUSH ORANGE APRICOT AMBER PEACH OCHER SAND
BEIGE LEMON GERANIUM SPRING GRASS VIRIDIAN ROSEMARY FOREST OLIVE CERULEAN INDIGO VIOLET LILAC MAUVE PERIWINKLE LAVENDER PLUM 
PALE SLATE GLASS 
→ COMMON MORAL MORTAL STONY STARRY CONSTANT VENGEFUL ROLLING SMOOTH ROCKY FUZZY FURRY CLEAN RICH 
TIGHT SPINY SHINY LUMPY LOVELY FIZZY RUNNY FUNNY FAST CANDID 
→ SHARP FORTUNE SORROW COIL MASON
FIRE FREEZE ZEPHYR CONIFER MORTICIAN CORE
FORK MISTAKE RAGE FEVER FERVOR CANDOR CANTILEVER HEAVEN HEATHEN ANTHEM CRAYON PASTURE DODGER CUNNING FLAKE SHATTER FLEE 
FLEX CARVE LIQUID 
→ FOLLOWS CORRAL STATION LOVER CONCH DIRT 
STEEL CLANG VIOLA CLARITY MARSH CLUE SWAMP BREEZE TOME RUNE FUME MOON MAGIC BOOK FUEL FUSE SPARK DOG SHADOW FACADE FLAT 
→ HONEY CURRY
RICE
PINE
CYPRESS MUSK
OCEAN
SPICY
SOUR
VETIVER WOODSY MILDEW
ACRID
LOAM
PEPPER JUNIPER EARTH TOBACCO YUZU
CITRUS
MOSS FRANKINCENSE VANILLA 
BERRY THYME SPRUCE SAGE
RAIN PETRICHOR TEA HYACINTH CAMPHOR 



And there is a poetry to the fact that I will never, truly never, share this text with anybody, this text, just for me. Only for me. And everybody collects these moments in their lives, of course, but this one, this is just for me, and these yellow flowers backlit by the morning sun, these daylight flowers symbols of such nurturing love, these flowers like nutrition, their shadow half-cast and glittering on  the porcelain tray, that porcelain tray, an object of such perfect, extreme beauty, all around me the air is filled with perfections, perfections lay like jewels all around me, this postcard, this plastic tub, this water, this window, these curtains, the stool positioned half-askanced, the collapsible wooden desk. All of it is for me, positioned perfectly for me. This day. This morning. This moment. This time.


*


Do you feel the weight of this moment, as future instantaneously becomes codified into past? One minute later, thirty minutes later, and then an hour, then two, three — the hours turn to days.


Basically, it’s like this:


When I was fourteen, while I was living in China, I found Haruki Murakami’s memoir, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running at my high school library. I had never read any of Murakami’s fiction (and still haven’t), and wasn’t particularly interested in him or his work or his perspective, but the name was obviously familiar. As I flipped through the book, the direct, unpretentious prose appealed to me so I took it home. The memoir, at face value, should be somewhat unrelateable to a fourteen-year-old. Murakami was around fifty when he wrote it, and it’s as much about him coming to terms with aging past his prime as it is about running. But there was something about its unassuming nature that felt vaguely inspirational to me. On the most basic level, at least, it did inspire me to regularly go on runs for two years, until I went to college. For that summer after tenth grade, I would run almost every day along a path that wound up and around a nearby hill. The whole park/tourist attraction/green space complex has two defining landmarks: 1) a giant bronze statue of a baby riding a bull with wings, and 2) a giant metal and glass structure shaped like a UFO on stilts, that people were able to walk into but served no real purpose (Observatory? For what though?). That uniquely Chinese surface-level posturing of grandness is, in my mind, perfectly embodied in the glint of sunlight reflecting off of the grotesquely large bronze statue. It is one of the images of my adolescence I will never forget. I would run after dinner, basking in the glow of the smog-enhanced sunset. The late afternoon sun seemed to fight to stay above the horizon, and I repeated mantras to myself because that is one of the things Murakami does when he runs. “Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional,” he writes, is what he would repeat to himself over and over. So I did the same. I would come home in the dim blue light between the sun setting and night actually falling, coated evenly with a slick sheen of sweat. I felt happy and satisfied even though I recognized the feeling as a temporary state due to the endorphins I had just released. 


The other thing about me when I was 14 is that there was an extended period of time during high school when I just wouldn’t eat. I’m really only just starting to piece together why that was, because this is a problem that I sort of just got over and never thought about again. I would struggle to eat breakfast, having to wash down every bite of food with big gulps of water. I often skipped lunch at school, and then I would pick at my dinner and only end up eating a couple bites. I just simply had no appetite. My parents, I suspect, probably thought I had an eating disorder. I was developing theories that I had a tapeworm living inside of me. Now, looking back, I think I was simply depressed. I was a weak, asthmatic child, and I’ve had heart surgery, as well as a slew of ear surgeries that frequently took me out of school for weeks at a time. I also figured out I was gay when I was maybe nine years old and had been hiding it ever since, so maybe that was part of it too. So as a result of being weak and gay, I had a very low self image of my body and what I was supposed to do with it. But I still have very fond memories of the summers during high school. Running was a way for me to reclaim my body. It was the first time that I felt even remotely comfortable with the flesh I inhabited. I was always really bad at anything athletic, but running was something that required very little coordination. It was the only physical thing that I was ever really good at. Maybe it was the endorphins, or all the additional vitamin D, but I was definitely a lot happier during the summer. The sky was always beautiful. I didn’t mind being alone. 


World constantly renewed like
World ripping in half like paper like 
smell of wet wood and 
Lemon and mulch and moths
Songs that feel like sunsets
Sunset songs

(Not wanting to forget about the loneliness of childhood)

Blue light of almost dusk cools down dusty heat
Blinds half drawn and rocking on a rocking chair
Staring at the empty wall where a T.V. used to be. 
And only the memory of leaves (of the cherry tree, that 
Never had fruit), brushing against
The window in the swell of early June. A connection
To an even earlier April, the first time you saw your
Father cry after hearing about his mother’s death,
on the other side of the globe.


Once in a while there comes a day when there is nothing but wasting away and fading into the surrounding landscape, like a defeated NPC in a video game, the opacity of it’s sprite representation turned down to zero before being deleted, leaving no trace and no memory… I can only respond to this relentless and cruel aspiration with pragmatism. Rain leaves dark streaks on everything concrete. Beautiful in that way, a beauty adjacent to both nothingness and ugliness.


I miss you, will you call me sometime?

An ecology of objects / sprites:

A curtain of plain muslin cloth,
a hand-carved wooden bowl,
a ceramic plate glazed blue by a friend,
two hands open the fruit to reveal the seeds, turning towards us —
a sword, a shield,

a piece of sea-glass,
a business card,
a bottle cap,
a foreign coin.
This analog of flowers —

This small wooden box constructed with hands of such love and deservedness, 
a circular mirror,
this leaf,
paper fan,
tangled roots,
forked branches,
deer with horns of forked branches.

(Unordered list — ornamentation, semblance of flourish, a library of possible symbols with no discoverable reference)

Conjugate me, you fool, make me known and know what to do with me. I am floating in a river or a lake, not quite sure which but it certainly feels like I am being taken somewhere by the current, but it is vast, and of unknown shape. Is this what they call a sea? An ocean? I wait for that flash of recognition. My god, there must be more flashes on the horizon, waiting to charge across the landscape with the vigor of a thundercloud, waiting to envelop me.

Correspondence with you feels so done in vain. A life is nothing more than a life, magic, perhaps, but no more than that. And the doors, they swing intermittently, every few seconds people walk in and out of the building. The doors swing discordantly, one and then the other, and then the first door opens again before the other door has a chance to close. If only I could see, even just a little bit, if only I could see anything, future and past, ostensibly mine, but not just mine, shared with everyone around me, but not certain, never certain.

*

Dearest salve-maker, did I imagine that? 

Or, as the foliage like beach heather rustles — okay, in the wind — the dogs barking like the dawn, the sun that rises paradoxically in the same place where it set the night before. The waves like delineations, each crest a white line on the sand. The stars like poppy seeds, stars so numerous they swarm around like bees. This old dog, and the dawn of inexorable approach.

I am a cave, a cavernous cave, empty but for water dripping and birds chirping, and flocking, birds flickering in and out of the entrance of this cave. This cave is the passion. A level of intimacy with myself so intense, I just sigh. The intimacy and joy of knowing myself.



The freedom of being alone is a valid one.
